# Technical Oversight Committee (TOC) meeting Augut 25:th 2022

## Participants

- <fill in>

## Agenda

- [Previous minutes, especially action items](July-6-2022.md)
- Assign action items (including those inlined in agenda)
  - Create GitHub project for handling action items?
- Should we document processes? How?
  - Example: Add issues for the things we learn from the SIG and want to implement in Jenkins X
- GSoC Status
  - Midterm Evaluation
- TOC Election
  - Election process
  - Terms for heads
- Handling multirepo changes
- Propagation of change logs


## Action items

- Work with CDF/LF on the namechange process
- Get Access to Youtube channel for Jenkins X 
- Migrate to HackMD from google docs for all meeting notes
- Create events in Bevy - sync with CDF public calender
- OpenCollective - where are the funds going
- Get/create list of conferences and such where we can contribute
- Get/crete list of internships & similar projects
- Hacktoberfest
  - issues and and repositories must be labelled with hacktoberfest
  - CDF must be informed
- Document things about the TOC in website
- Move the notes to the community repo, with links for the survey and results.
- Document who from Jenkins X is in what CDF/CNCF Sig
  - Ankit: Supply Chain Sig (CDF)
  - Christoffer: Best practices SIG (CDF)
- Reach out to Microsoft/Google/Amazon about docs, how Jenkins X integrates with cloud providers
